Q1)
Write a java program to print the even numbers from the range 1-15 without using the modulus Operator

Q2)
Quality Check for Premium Products
In a retail store, some products are considered "premium" if their product ID is a Prime Number. A Prime Number 
is a number greater than 1 that has no divisors other than 1 and itself. Your task is to create a program that 
checks whether the given product ID qualifies as "Premium" or not.
Imagine a store manager who needs to filter out premium products for special promotions. If a product ID is a Prime Number, 
it should be labeled as "Premium Product," otherwise, it should be labeled as "Regular Product."If the given product ID 
is 1 consider it as "Regular Product".
Input Format
The first line of input contains an integer N, which represents the product ID.
Output Format
Print "Premium Product" if the product ID is a Prime Number.
Print "Regular Product" if the product ID is not a Prime Number.
Example 1
Sample Input 1
17
Sample Output 1
Premium Product
Explanation
The number 17 is greater than 1 and has no divisors other than 1 and itself.
Hence, the product ID 17 is a Prime Number, so the output is "Premium Product."
Example 2
Sample Input 2
20
Sample Output 2
Regular Product
Explanation
The number 20 is greater than 1 but has divisors other than 1 and itself (e.g., 2, 4, 5, 10).
Hence, the product ID 20 is not a Prime Number, so the output is "Regular Product."




Q3)
Car Speed
You have an electric car whose speed is derived from the battery percentage
The battery percentage is denoted by an integer value N and the speed is the sum of all the factors 
of the battery percentage including 1. Your task is to find and return an integer value representing the speed of the car.
Input Fomat
Input1: An integer value N representing the battery percentage of the car.
Output Fomat
Return an integer value representing the speed of the car.
Sample Input
Input1:12
Sample Output
28
Explanation
Here, the given battery percent is 12 and the factors of 12 are 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 12. The sum of all the factors will be 
1+2+3+4+6+12=28. Therefore 28 is returned as the output